feat: Payment network any-to-eth in the advanced logic (#599)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/advanced-logic/specs/payment-network-any-to-eth-proxy-0.1.0.md

# Payment Network - Any currency - conversion to ethers with Fee

You may be interested in this document if:

- you want to create your own implementation of the Request protocol
- you are curious enough to dive and see what is under the hood of the Request protocol

Prerequisite: Having read the advanced logic specification (see [here](./advanced-logic-specs-0.1.0.md)).

## Description

> This extension allows the payments and the refunds to be made in ethers on the Ethereum blockchain for a request made in others currencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows the payments and the refunds to be made in ETH on the Ethereum blockchain or in native tokens on other EVM-compatible chains, for a request made in others currencies.
```

> The rate is computing at the payment thanks to onchain oracles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rate is computed at the payment thanks to onchain oracles.
```
